hello I'm dr. Christopher Bauer over the
past two decades our medical
understanding of the diseases that cause
the most death and suffering has helped
uncover the most urgent medical issue of
our time excess body fat it's not
surprising that carrying excess weight
leads to osteoarthritis from the we're
on our joints breathing disorders due to
the weight on our lungs and bronchioles
and depression but heart attacks strokes
many cancers liver disease gynecologic
disorders and peripheral vascular
disease not to mention diabetes with its
complications of blindness and kidney
failure have much of their origin in the
excess body fat that too many patients
carry for years I've been trying to help
patients to improve their health until
now the only tools I have had have been
medications which while slowing the
decline of patients health have not
really helped to move patients from a
road that leads to disease to a road
that leads to health this year however
with the help of one of my colleagues
I've discovered a weight loss plan that
has resulted in the best improvements in
health and well-being that I've seen in
my entire practice this plan helps
people lose weight quickly and it helps
them to achieve their weight loss goals
without feeling hungry I was very
skeptical at first when I saw one of my
colleagues beginning to place patients
on this plan but it became apparent very
quickly that his patients were enjoying
great success at weight loss so I
thought I'd give it a try with some of
my patients and instantly I noted that
patients were enjoying themselves more
losing weight and having great success
with the improvement in their health one
of the things that really attracted me
to the program is that it doesn't
involve any fad type treatments there
are no medications involved there were
no injections and there were certainly
no dubious types of treatments the plan
made nutritional sense that's what
appealed to me I would encourage all
patients who are suffering from heart
disease or diabetes or high cholesterol
or high blood pressure to speak with
their physician to find out if they
think that weight loss would be an
appropriate strategy to help manage
these terrible conditions I can say with
confidence that this plan has helped by
patients achieve their health goals more
than any other year in my practice I'm
happy to be associated with the plan and
I'm looking forward to many more years
of helping patients achieve their health
goals